[gun cocks]
[Williams] You can still back out.
No.
I can't.
["The Little Drummer Boy"
by Johnny Cash plays]
[Sam's dad] Every job in the world
has a code.
[Reed] You sure
this is what you want, Sam?
[Lenny] You've got a warm heart
and blood on your hands,
and that's not a good combination.
♪ Come, they told me ♪
♪ Our newborn King to see ♪
♪ Our finest gifts we bring ♪
♪ Pa-rum-pa-pum-pum... ♪
[all laugh]
- ♪ To lay before the King... ♪
- [Eleanor] Hey-hey!
[all laugh]
All right, guys?
We're closed tonight. No entry.
- [Williams] Oh, what?
- Not tonight.
- [Williams] It's Christmas!
- I said we're closed--
Come on.
♪ ...to honor Him ♪
♪ Pa-rum-pa-pum-pum... ♪
[man 1] Stop! Where the--
Fucking hell. Did you see that?
- We saw.
- [Eleanor] Fucking stunning!
Shall we hurry this along?
We've got each other's backs in there?
Don't worry. I wouldn't knock you off
before you paid us. Not an idiot.
♪ I have no gifts... ♪
- [Eleanor] Ten seconds.
- [detonator beeping]
All right, ladies, hold onto your fannies.
It's go bang time.
[beeping quickens]
♪ That's fit to give a King... ♪
- [man 2] Fuck! What was that?
- [overlapping shouting]
♪ Rum-pa-pum-pum ♪
[tense music plays]
[man 3 groans]
[man 4 groans]
- How many of these dickheads are there?
- [Sam] I thought there'd be about ten.
[Eleanor] No, there's more than ten.
- [man 5] What the fuck?
- [men shouting]
[man 6 groans, yells]
[heavy gunfire continues]
[gun clacks]
Fuck.
[men grunting, groaning]
[gun clacking]
- [tense music continues]
- [gunshot echoes]
[soundscape muffles]
♪ Me and my drum ♪
♪ Pa-rum-pa-pum-pum ♪
- [tense music continues]
- [muffled gunshots]
[heartbeat thumping]
[heartbeat quickens]
[tense music builds]
- [gun clatters]
- [gunshot]
[music abates]
Hey. There's nothing sadder
than an old hit man.
But that doesn't mean
I'm gonna let you die tonight, you fucker.
Come on.
- [man 7] Hey, hey!
- [gunshots]
[Sam] Gonna find Hector.
- [knife slices]
- [man 7 groans]
[tense music continues]
Pah!
[tense music builds]
- [Sam groans]
- [thud]
- [Hector exhales]
- [music fades]
[Sam groans]
[Hector] You came back.
Yeah.
[tense music plays]
To kill me?
Ain't the same as when you left.
The city's about to tear itself apart.
I'm looking for the girl.
A lot of people are looking for that girl.
A lot of people are dying too.
Who else is after her?
You don't even know
what you're dealing with, do you? [laughs]
I think if you wanted to kill me,
you'd have done it already.
You shouldn't have come back.
[tense music continues]
[phone line rings]
[on voicemail] This is Stephen Yarrick.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Stephen, me again. Could you call me back,
please, as soon as you can?
Oh, so I meant to ask, um,
did you hear anything
about security for the house?
Yes.
Uh...
- Leave that with me. That's in hand.
- Okay.
[tense music continues]
[Wallace] Okay, see you at home.
- Evening, John.
- [John] Sir.
He'll be with you shortly.
Thank you.
[door opens]
[Wallace] Prime Minister.
Wallace, this is Jim Perryman,
Secret Service.
- They wanted someone to sit in on this.
- Defence Secretary. All right?
So the Chinese think
the CIA killed their ambassador.
And that high-ranking members
of the Metropolitan Police covered it up.
Uh, who did you talk to?
Uh, two men in a kitchen...
at the Work and Pensions' Christmas party.
They said they were part of an envoy
and Beijing's investigator.
- Now, have you spoken to Yarrick?
- No. He's not answering his phone.
- Right.
- [knocking on door]
- Mitch Porter is here.
- Yes, yes. Send him through.
I called the CIA station chief.
I'm sure he'll provide clarity
and transparency.
- Gentlemen.
- Mitch, thanks for coming.
[door closes]
What can I do for you, Mr. Prime Minister?
Wallace was talking to our mutual friends,
the Chinese, this evening,
and some spurious gossip
concerning your organization came up.
And we were just sat here chatting
and wondering if, just between us girls,
there's a chance you had
the Chinese ambassador murdered?
[chuckles] Is this a serious question?
Yes... it is.
This feels like a conversation
you should be having with the president.
It is a conversation I'll be having
with the president, but first, Mitch,
it's one I'm having with you.
Sir, with due respect, I would, uh,
check the veracity of your sources,
which, in this case,
appear to be the Chinese government?
What can you tell us about Cole Atwood?
- I don't know who that is.
- [Wallace] Oh, come on.
He's the American boyfriend
of Ambassador Chen's daughter,
and he was last seen
fleeing the scene of the murder
and heading into your embassy.
Hasn't left since.
Mitch, is Cole Atwood a CIA operative?
You want to discuss CIA operatives?
Should I open the door
and make sure everyone can hear?
What does that mean?
It means that this is a leaky government,
Mr. Prime Minister.
Everyone knows it.
Secrets don't stay secret here.
They have a way of getting out.
[phone ringing]
[Prime Minister] Yes?
- [cell phone buzzes]
- Yes.
Perryman.
- [PM] Oh my God.
- You're kidding. Christ. Understood.
- [PM] Okay.
- Come on back now.
Give me five minutes.
- [Perryman] I'll let them know.
- [PM] Jesus Christ.
A body was found in a skip near the home
of Commissioner Yarrick this evening.
And they've just identified him.
I'm sorry.
[unsettling music plays]
Stephen... Stephen's dead?
[PM] Apparently, he was tortured.
Oh my God.
I would, uh, make that call
to the president now, sir.
[unsettling music continues]
[lighter flicking]
[tense music plays]
[phone unlocks]
[line ringing]
[line clicks]
Who are you?
[man] A secretary.
A representative of something... bigger.
Who are you, Helen Webb?
You didn't have to do that to Stephen.
What happened to Commissioner Yarrick
was entirely down to you.
Any more violence will be as a result
of you inveigling yourself
into our affairs.
Are my family safe?
[tense music builds]
[line clicks]
[breathes shakily]
[music fades]
You really think
Stephen could be involved in all of this?
[scoffs] Involved in what?
A murder that isn't a murder
by a spy who isn't a spy?
You want my job, don't you, Wallace?
Hm?
Well, I think you'll get it one day.
And when you do,
you'll realize that the world is not run
how you think it is.
It doesn't work how you think it works.
[tense music plays]
You'll come to find out,
quite quickly, actually...
that almost nothing that you believed in
is what it appears to be.
A piece of advice
that I know you'll ignore.
Do something else.
- [door opens, closes]
- [tense music continues]
[Williams] Oh, there you are.
Any sign of Newman?
[music fades]
No.
The girl we're looking for,
is she, like, twenties, Chinese,
drugged on a sofa, that kind of thing?
- [Sam] Yeah.
- Yeah, she's in here.
What?
[intriguing music plays]
She is fit. It wouldn't have killed you
to say it, would it?
[Williams] She's the girl
me and Kent were looking for.
We had a number to call if we found her.
Could have told me.
My partner did die looking for that girl.
You're the one who killed her,
so it would have been nice to be told.
["I Only Have Eyes For You"
playing on car stereo]
- I need to figure out where to keep her.
- We can look after her.
She... She's like a little...
little tiny doll.
Like a little junkie Barbie.
We can look after the junkie Barbie?
- [Sam] I can hardly take her to my hotel.
- I'm not.
♪ We're in a garden... ♪
I am sorry about Kent.
On reflection, I probably should have
shot her somewhere other than the head.
- Perhaps a foot.
- [Eleanor giggles]
Well, it's the game, isn't it?
Built into the contract.
Fact is, one of us were gonna get it
sooner or later.
Just like one of us is, right?
No one in this car is living long,
let's be honest.
I was her third partner,
two before me died, and then she died.
That's what I've been telling her.
Stay cold, stay alive.
- [Eleanor] Mm.
- Otherwise, you end up dead.
Or like you.
♪ Millions of people go by... ♪
What do you mean, like me?
[Williams] Walking around
with fucking ghosts on your back.
♪ ...all disappear ♪
- ♪ From view ♪
- ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh... ♪
[Williams] We'll look after her,
but you have to pay us extra.
We're not a babysitting service.
♪ I only have-- ♪
- [door slams]
- [music ends]
[breathing shakily]
[bag thuds]
[sighs]
Just... [huffs]
[Wallace cries]
Wallace?
What...? [breathes heavily]
What's happened? Come here.
Come here, come here.
[poignant music plays]
[Wallace cries]
It's all right. It's all right.
[Wallace weeping]
[Helen exhales]
[Wallace] I just can't imagine
what he would have gone through.
I'm gonna find out
who's responsible for it,
and I'm gonna make them pay.
[brooding music plays]
[haunting female vocalizing]
[Helen moans softly]
[both breathing heavily]
[Helen] I'm not... who you think I am,
and I want you to know who I am,
because I love you.
And I want you to love me back.
[Jason] I do love you back.
[brooding music continues]
No, you don't.
You love Helen Webb,
and Helen Webb doesn't exist.
She never has.
- [lighter clicks]
- [Wallace exhales]
["Rides Through The Morning" plays]
[Wallace exhales]
♪ Far away in those sad eyes ♪
♪ I swim for miles and miles
And miles and miles and miles ♪
♪ Your light ♪
♪ To touch the song back to my soul ♪
♪ Go by the breeze ♪
♪ I'm bound to pine... ♪
- Oh my Christ!
- [music ends]
[Michael sighs]
[keys clatter]
[objects clattering]
- Wow. This is a lovely place.
- What the fuck are you doing here?
I didn't expect you
to be out so early. Um...
You never liked early mornings.
I have a four-year-old, so...
I guess I'm sort of in an early morning
kind of environment now.
What's her name?
- Ruby.
- [Sam] Ruby.
[Michael] Why are you here? I did
everything that I was supposed to do.
- I didn't tell anyone anything.
- [Sam] I know.
So why are you here?
Magnets.
And ghosts.
It's, uh...
I know that I--
To just turn up like this,
it's not... I'm sorry.
Did you ever think about me?
'Cause I... I assumed you didn't,
you know, after a while.
'Cause that's what you do, isn't it? You...
You know,
you think about someone,
but you assume they don't think about you
and that you just faded away,
you know, from their life.
Even though
everything still reminds you of them.
[exhales sharply]
Always, constantly,
you're there, like tinnitus.
Like tinnitus?
Not like tinnitus. Like...
I don't know, like, um...
Like a song that's stuck in my head.
A nice one.
A sad one.
[Michael] I thought of you.
Every time that a shadow made me jump.
Or a noise in the dark
made me sit up in bed.
Every time I felt afraid,
I thought of you.
[Sam sighs]
You know, what happened before,
that was nothing to do with you.
- Those men were not--
- Jesus Christ!
I'm not afraid of those men.
It was you, Sam.
I shared a home with you.
I was planning on
sharing my life with you,
and you were lying to me.
You were a stranger, and you got in.
You let me fall in love
with someone who didn't exist.
Do you know how terrifying that is?
I've been afraid every day
that it would happen again.
That someone else that I trusted
would just turn out to be a monster
wearing the mask of a nice man.
[melancholy music plays]
I'm sorry.
Am I in danger? Is my daughter in danger?
No.
Then you and I have
nothing more to say to each other.
[melancholy music continues]
[Helen] Have you ever
heard of a Black Dove?
[melancholy music continues]
- [children laugh]
- [indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
[Dani] In he goes.
[Wallace] There he goes.
You did that. You made that.
Oh no, he's fallen over.
He's fallen over at the sheer sight.
[Helen] What's going on? [chuckles]
- Hello.
- Oh, Helen!
[Helen] Hi.
Offered to help
decorate the gingerbread house,
but we got a bit distracted,
didn't we, Oli?
[Wallace and Dani chuckle]
- [Dani] Bit of a snowman home invasion.
- [Wallace] I think we've made it worse.
But Dani has been very sweet, so...
We heard about Stephen.
Wallace had said how close they'd been.
[sighs] Well, that's very lovely of you.
Well, I won't stay. Just wanted to come
tell you we're thinking of you.
[Wallace] Thank you.
- [Oli] Oh great.
- That's sweet. Did the kids make them?
[chuckles] I did.
Fun.
[all laugh awkwardly]
- Well, I'll see you back at the office.
- Yeah. No. Yeah.
I'll show you out.
Don't be alarmed by the big chap
on the front gate.
His name is Jeff. He's our new
close protection security officer.
- Thank you.
- [Oli] Hey!
[tense music plays]
- Wallace says you're quite new.
- Just a month or so.
[door opens]
Oh. He's very strapping.
Where can I get a Jeff?
I'll see you soon, then.
Hope so.
[tense music continues]
♪ Stay now, stay now ♪
♪ Won't you stay another... ♪
[Reed] We used to have
a plastic tree when I was a girl.
Same one every year.
A week before Christmas,
my father would be up in the loft,
effing and jeffing,
trying to get it out. [chuckles]
It doesn't seem like Christmas
without seeing his legs
dangling from the ceiling
or shouting at my mother
to hold the bastard ladder.
Why have you called me here?
The Chinese have footage
of an American spook fleeing the scene
of Ambassador Chen's murder.
- Who?
- His name is Cole Atwood.
He's the partner
of the ambassador's daughter.
Wow, Kai-Ming's boyfriend
is an American spy?
And now there's genuine concern growing
that the Chinese are going to do
something stupid in retaliation.
Why would the Americans
kill the Chinese ambassador?
That's exactly everyone's point.
There's no way they would have done.
It's completely nonsensical,
even for the Yanks.
[Helen] What's this?
It's a note from an interested party
who've asked us to mediate.
They're willing to pay Atwood
a lot of money
if he'll throw a bucket of ice
on all of this.
Who are the interested party?
Best not to concern yourself
with the details, Helen.
So they want him to undermine the Chinese,
defect from America, expose a spy ring,
and in exchange...?
They give him more money
than he can spend in ten lifetimes.
And you would like me to facilitate this?
Oh, I can think of very few things
I want less
than for you to facilitate this,
especially after what happened
to Commissioner Yarrick,
but it's extremely time sensitive,
and you're best placed to do it.
How?
I believe you have contacts
in the embassy.
Oh.
Vanessa?
- The very same.
- [Helen groans]
I emailed her assistant
and scheduled a coffee for the two of you.
She can't wait. So much to catch up on.
Her husband's being an absolute nightmare.
But whilst you're there with her,
arrange a distraction
and make your way to the top floor.
Atwood is in room J4.
I'll send an address
for you to drop him off at afterwards,
so get on with it.
Find Cole Atwood
and tell him the good news.
He's going to be filthy rich,
prevent a war,
and all he has to do
is betray his country.
A door closes, a window opens.
[intriguing music plays]
- That's right.
- Mm-hmm.
Do you ever get bored
of dealing in deceit?
It's what you chose. You wanted this.
You wanted blood on your teeth, remember?
[Helen scoffs]
Sam is progressing.
We should know who's behind this soon,
and we can all rest easy.
And everything will go back to normal,
just in time for Christmas.
Well, I hope that's the case, Helen.
I truly do.
[intriguing music continues]
- [cell phone rings]
- [Helen sighs]
[electronic voice] You have
one new message.
[Sam] Love, it's me. We've got Kai-Ming.
I'm texting the address now.
[intriguing music continues]
- [handbrake clacks]
- [engine stops]
[music fades]
[sweet wrapper rustles]
[Eleanor sniffs]
[smacks lips]
[doorbell buzzes]
- [Williams] Who is it?
- [Sam] It's me.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[locks clack]
[Sam] I brought some things round for her.
Orange juice, grapes,
a bottle of champagne,
and a... chocolate cake.
She is a tranquilized heroin addict, Sam.
This isn't your mum having a birthday tea.
- I didn't know what to get her.
- [Lenny] Morning, Sam.
Did you call her?
You shot 17 people
in a fucking discotheque.
Did you think
it wasn't gonna get covered on the news?
- And Hector wasn't even there?
- No.
- [Lenny] Huh.
- But I'll deal with it. Don't worry.
Well, the extent to which I do or do not
have to worry is yet to be determined,
but I certainly think
it should be playing on your mind.
[knocking on door]
[Lenny] It's like Piccadilly Circus
in here this morning.
Come in. Everyone's here.
[door closes]
- [locks clack]
- [Lenny] Helen Webb!
Lenny Lines. Don't think
we've ever had the pleasure in person.
[Sam] Helen, this is Williams.
You met her already
when she tried to kill you.
- Yeah, I remember.
- You remember I was winning?
- I remember there were two of you.
- Yeah, initially.
Eleanor, professional assassin.
Has she woken up yet?
No. She's on some fairly weighty opioids.
Lucky her. So, there are people
looking for this girl?
- [Sam] Yeah.
- Who?
Whoever they are,
they're offering a lot of money for her.
Well,
Sam,
Hector is out there, still on the run,
and he needs to be found.
Or we start having to talk about
your Michael in the past tense,
which, hand on heart,
I do not wish to happen.
- So get a bloody move on.
- [lock clacks]
- You got Michael dragged into this? Fuck.
- No. It's fine. He's fine.
He is and he isn't, really,
depending on how you look at it.
- [Kai-Ming yells]
- Jesus!
- [Eleanor] Jesus Christ!
- What the fuck? Who the fuck are you?
- Okay, Kai-Ming.
- You bitch! I'll break your fucking skull!
Okay. Now, listen, there's no--
- [Helen] Jesus!
- Oi! That was my grandmother's lamp.
Kai-Ming, we are friends.
- We're here to help.
- I don't know you.
We came and got you
from the people who were holding you.
[Eleanor] Bit of bad news on that front.
Gonna need new drug dealers.
We did shoot 'em all.
- What?
- [Helen] Kai-Ming.
- Do you know that your father is dead?
- Of course I know.
[Helen] Do you know
three other people are dead too?
Your friend Maggie and... and two other men.
Yes.
We're trying to find
the people who did that.
Yeah, we need to know what happened
after your father was killed.
I'm so sorry.
You... you... you can trust us,
Kai-Ming, I promise.
[Sam] Mm.
Do you want to sit down? Yeah?
Okay.
I was out with my friends,
and I came home,
and we found my dad in my flat.
And we just... we all panicked.
My boyfriend, Cole, ran away, and
I wasn't thinking, you know, straight.
And I had all this stuff on me, and,
well, I panicked as well, I suppose.
So I ran to...
- There's this place I know.
- A warehouse in South London?
- [Kai-Ming] Yeah, I score there sometimes.
- Mm. It's a morgue now.
[suspenseful music plays]
At what point did you stop being a, um...
a guest there and start being a hostage?
When they found out who I was.
I tried to leave. They wouldn't let me.
- They just kept asking me questions.
- [Helen] What kind of questions?
They wanted to know about Trent.
- Who's Trent?
- [Kai-Ming] Just a guy I know.
He's kind of a dork,
but he always helps us get...
Heroin?
Yeah.
[suspenseful music continues]
I think his family have a connection,
but I... I don't know.
Anyway, they wouldn't stop
asking about him.
And what can you tell me about a man
called Jason Davies? Do you know anything?
He... No. He... he left me a message.
Just said he was Maggie's partner
and wanted me to call him.
- Partner?
- [Kai-Ming] Yeah.
Wha...
Well, what... what did he mean by that?
I don't know.
I never called him back.
[cries] I didn't want
any of this to happen.
[Williams] Hey! Don't get upset.
Do you want a... a glass of champagne?
[sighs]
[Williams] And a... chocolate cake?
Yeah? She does.
Is her boyfriend still alive,
do you think?
His name's Cole Atwood. He's a spy.
- [softly] No!
- Yeah.
CIA agent. The Chinese think
he's the one that killed the ambassador.
Reed wants me to go into
the American embassy and get him out.
I mean, it might be quite good.
We could ask him some questions.
Find out who the fuck this Trent is
and how Jason got mixed up in all of this.
- That sounds incredibly risky.
- Yeah.
Wanna come?
[suspenseful music ends]
[engine revs]
There are different kinds of partners.
Right.
You know? Like you and me, we're partners.
It doesn't mean
he wasn't who he said he was.
God, I was so close to leaving with him.
What if it was all bullshit, Sam?
Did you ever tell him anything
about... you?
No. I didn't tell him anything.
Were you desperate to leave with him,
or were you just desperate to leave?
I don't know. I just...
I guess...
When I first started, I had a little book
that I'd, um, write my lies into.
Then, once I'd memorized them,
I'd, uh, burn the pages, and that was it.
They were real. [scoffs]
I have secrets from you, you know?
I have secrets from Wallace,
from the kids, from Reed.
I wake up sometimes and I can't breathe.
I can't breathe, Sam, because...
[melancholy music plays]
...I have no idea who I am.
And neither does anyone else. Not really.
I don't know
why I wanted to leave with him.
Maybe it was just a...
a new page
that I could write another lie onto.
But it felt like love.
[melancholy music continues]
Michael?
I went to see him.
Well, that was silly.
Wasn't it just?
What was it like?
Well, it was
good to have confirmation
that he hates me.
It's worse not knowing, I suppose.
I always wondered... if enough time passed...
You know...
[melancholy music continues]
I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
Oh, love.
We'll be all right, won't we?
Probably.
If I was to make a list
of the hardest buildings
to get into in Europe,
it's basically a tie
between this place and Berghain.
- [Helen chuckles softly]
- [scribbling]
I mean, I got into Berghain,
but, you know, the point still stands.
[Helen] Mm-hmm.
We're gonna need a pass,
probably some kind of disguise.
Now, there are also utility elevators--
No, I'm just gonna go
and see my friend Vanessa.
Vanessa?
Yeah, 45-year-old diplomatic secretary
from Delaware.
I mean, quite possibly
the most boring woman I've ever met,
and bear in mind, my social circle
is almost entirely made up
of the upper echelons
of the Conservative Party membership.
So what do I do while you're in there?
Ring this number.
You ask for Vanessa Robinson.
You say it's an emergency. I don't know.
Keep her on the line long enough
that I can get to the top floor
and get Cole Atwood.
Remember when we first met and I was just
sat outside in a car waiting for you?
Life really is an echo, isn't it?
Ooh.
Good luck.
[suspenseful music plays]
[machine beeps]
[man] This way, ma'am. Items in the tray.
[suspenseful music continues]
[machine beeps]
She's just there. Thank you.
- Hi.
- [Vanessa] Hi. [chuckles]
Oh my goodness.
I am so glad that you called.
- It has been months.
- I know.
This place is driving me crazy.
- Have you heard about Abby?
- Yes.
She's leaving to have a baby,
which, okay, good for her.
But guess who's been told
she can't have maternity cover?
So now I'm down a team member for spring,
and I'm already drowning.
Oh no.
[suspenseful music continues]
[music stops]
[cell phone buzzes]
[keypad clacks]
Hello?
[static crackles softly]
[Michael] S... So, what are you, Sam?
Who are you?
Um, I'm...
[Michael] If it helps,
nothing you can say can make it worse.
[chuckles wryly]
I'm what's known as a triggerman.
I kill people for money.
[Michael] Oh.
Um... [inhales deeply]
How many people have you--
[Sam] I don't want to say.
Just... just give me a ballpark number.
More than 20.
Less than 50.
That made it worse, didn't it?
[scoffs, gulps] I dunno.
[Sam] Michael?
I'm so sorry. I'm...
I ca... Can I call you back... in a minute?
Uh, I... I'd like to keep talking.
Are you at work?
No.
I mean... No.
What? You're not gonna garrote someone?
No, no. No.
God, no. I mean, I never... No.
Um, anyway... Um...
I'll call you back in a minute. So sorry.
[line ringing]
[line clicks]
Hello. Um, could I speak
to Vanessa Robinson, please,
as a matter of urgency?
[Vanessa] ...do what my mother did
and stay miserable just to make a point.
Obviously, I went home for Thanksgiving.
So, um, I think me and Tim
are just gonna spend Christmas here.
- Right.
- To tell you the truth, I'm relieved--
Vanessa, there's a call for you.
Sounds urgent.
- Okay. Two minutes.
- Okay.
I'll wait here.
[suspenseful music plays]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] You could freeze some juice.
[man] Really? I... I gotta go.
I'll see you there.
[indistinct chatter continues]
[suspenseful music continues]
- Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
- [man] Pardon me.
- [Vanessa] This is Vanessa.
- [Sam] Hello, Mrs. Robinson.
I'm calling from the Metropolitan Police
Protection Command Unit,
and I need to speak to you
about your security detail.
[Vanessa] I don't have a security detail.
[Sam] Yes, and we're increasingly
concerned about that.
- [Vanessa] Why? Has something happened?
- There's a credible threat to your life.
[Vanessa] By who?
It's, um,
Al-Qaeda.
- Al-Qaeda?
- [Sam] Yeah, those guys. They went away.
Now they're back, and, uh,
they're very... they're furious,
and we're very concerned,
frankly, about what they have planned.
[suspenseful music continues]
[elevator dings]
Evening.
You might not have clearance
for the upper floors. Let me take a look.
[in American accent] Oh, no, don't worry.
I'll get out earlier. Thanks.
I'll take a look.
[suspenseful music builds]
[Sam] I can't say
too much about the threat.
It's not really...
I mean... I wouldn't lose any sleep over it,
but I would be concerned.
Does that make sense?
[chuckles] Sorry. Um, sorry,
I shouldn't lose any sleep over it?
[Sam] No. I mean, try not to.
We all need our seven hours, don't we?
I think I'm gonna have to talk
to my supervisor about this.
We're pretty tight on security here.
- [elevator dings]
- [tense music plays]
Wh... what was your name again?
Uh, my name is Kent.
- Brockman. Kent Brockman.
- [Vanessa] Listen, Mr. Brockman, I--
If you could just hold on the line
a little bit longer,
I need a few more details fro...
[Vanessa] Mr. Brockman?
[Sam] Yes. So, so sorry.
Can you hold for two minutes?
[line rings]
[tense music continues]
[music intensifies]
[line rings]
[Reed] Yes?
How plausible is it to hack into
the American embassy CCTV system?
[Reed] How plausible does it sound?
I'm phoning more in hope than expectation.
[Reed] Right. Mission going well, is it?
- Well--
- [woman screams and whimpers]
Um...
We've hit a few minor snags.
[Reed] I'll have a word
with the boys in our IT department.
See if they can't put a few gremlins
in the machine.
Great. Well, I'd start by deleting
everything that happened in elevator two
and work out from there.
I'm so sorry.
I shouldn't have done this. I, um...
[Sam] Done what?
I don't know. Just called you,
text you, answered the phone to you.
But you did.
I missed you. [inhales, huffs]
Don't say that.
[Sam] I missed you.
[sighs]
Maybe you should come back here.
Do you want me to?
[Michael] I don't know.
I want you to want me to.
Sam, I... I just don't know.
Why don't you think about it?
Think about what you want,
what you think you can manage,
and just text me "yes" or "no."
"Yes" if you want me to come round,
and "no" if you never wanna see me again.
I'll understand either way.
Vanessa, sorry. Where were we?
[hip-hop music plays]
- Um... who the hell are you?
- Cole Atwood?
- Yeah.
- [exhales] Here.
What is this?
One-time offer. Runs out in 30 minutes.
[suspenseful music plays]
Listen, Mr. Brockman,
I need you to give me your ID number.
I need to double-check a couple of things
with someone.
Oh dear. That's gonna take me a mo--
It's always in the last place
that you look.
Listen, I need to ask you some questions.
[alarm blares]
- Shit.
- [Sam] Oh. What was that?
Uh, building alarm.
Damn it. I have to go.
[suspenseful music plays]
[cell phone buzzes]
[Sam] She's on the move.
You need to hurry. Hurry!
There's a car outside. Brown BMW,
quite ostentatious. You can't miss it.
Five minutes. Be there.
Fuck!
[suspenseful music continues]
[alarm blaring]
[music fades]
[sighs] I guess
we better cut our coffee short.
Sorry! [chuckles]
- Aw, lovely to see you. Bye!
- Lovely to see you!
[alarm continues blaring]
[exhales]
- Well?
- Well, uh...
I gave it to him.
I don't know. Let's see if it worked.
- You set the alarm off?
- [Helen] Yeah.
- Anything else to report?
- I mean, it was a bit of a clusterfuck.
- Was it?
- Little bit.
[upbeat music plays]
[people chattering indistinctly]
- All right?
- Hey!
- You're not... you're not joining the party?
- No, I didn't wanna leave until you had.
Oh, well...
Well, I'm gonna, um...
Don't, um, take this the wrong way,
but you kind of look
like you could use a drink.
Ooh, okay.
Go on, then.
Get a mug.
- A mug? [chuckles]
- [Dani chuckles]
Well, that's, um...
This feels very Christmassy, doesn't it?
[Dani giggles]
- [Wallace] Vodka in the drawer?
- It was left over from Tim's leaving.
- [Wallace] Was it?
- Yes.
What do we...? In one? Is that the...?
Down in one. [laughs]
- Ugh.
- [Wallace shudders]
[Dani laughs]
- It's good, it's good.
- [Dani laughs]
I, um... I didn't know Stephen,
but I heard that he was a good man.
[Wallace] Mm.
Yeah.
I mean, I used to think so, too, but, uh,
now I'm not so sure.
Everyone has their secrets.
Can't know everyone completely, can you?
[Eleanor] So, you know heroin? Is it good?
[Kai-Ming] It's the greatest feeling
in the world.
And then it starts ruining your life.
It takes everything from you.
All the things that made you you.
Like a vampire, just sucking you dry.
[Eleanor] What's that, like,
seven out of ten overall, then?
- [Kai-Ming] Yeah.
- [Eleanor] Hm.
My dad sold heroin.
Actually, he didn't, no.
He ran, like, a business,
like a family-- fam-- like a crime family.
- [Kai-Ming] Is that why you're a...?
- Assassin?
- Yeah.
- [Eleanor] Yeah.
Yeah, I suppose, yeah.
I've always been
preternaturally inclined to violence.
I was exposed to it from an early age.
I watched my mother
asphyxiate a man to unconsciousness
with a sandwich bag as a kid.
She claimed it was sexual deviancy,
but I knew she was lying.
Jesus Christ. It's like a crèche
for the criminally insane.
[tense music plays]
The fuck?
[alarm blaring]
That's him.
Fuck. What did you do to the alarm? I--
Oh Christ.
[tense music builds]
- My wife?
- Yes.
Oh, no, no. We... we met at a conference.
Classic.
- Classic? Yes, classic.
- [chuckles]
Yeah, it was very, um,
conference-y, I suppose.
- Sounds fun.
- Yeah.
[Christmas music playing in background]
[inhales deeply]
What?
No.
Nothing. I shouldn't say it.
Say what?
[tense music plays]
I heard a rumor
about Helen.
[mug clatters]
Right. What rumor?
I shouldn't say.
It's not my place to say, so...
Well, you can't not say it now, can you?
So, what rumor have you heard?
[Cole] I... This... this is insane. This...
This whole thing, this is fucking insane.
Calm down. It'll all be fine.
I just need to ask you some questions.
I... I'm not telling you anything
until I know you're gonna hold up
your end of the bargain.
Don't worry, we'll hold up
our end of the bargain.
I just need to know
what happened to the ambassador.
Who's covering it up?
I... I'm sorry, but I don't know you.
How can I trust you? I--
[Helen] Listen.
We know you didn't kill him.
But my friend is dead. My partner.
Now, he was in contact with Kai-Ming.
He knew something.
It got him and two other people killed.
Okay, okay. Maggie I knew.
She was Kai's friend.
Phillip was just some scumbag journalist,
and the other guy, uh, Jason,
I... I have no idea.
Well, someone killed them. They could be
after my family. I need to know who it is.
If the people who I think
killed the ambassador... are after you,
then you're already dead.
You just don't know it yet.
[pulsing, tense music plays]
[Eleanor] My brother was training
to be a vicar before the accident.
Got run over by a bus-load of nuns
and took it as a sign to renounce Jesus.
Eleanor, could you come here for a minute?
What was the ambassador into?
Why were you watching him?
Jesus Christ. I wasn't watching Chen.
We weren't spying on the Chinese.
I was there to watch them,
the people who killed him.
They were the target.
Who? Who were you watching?
[tense music builds]
The Clarks.
- Where the fuck are they?
- Hm?
The Clark family enterprise.
This means nothing to you? Fuck it.
The fucking Kray twins
meet the Freemasons.
They took over London
without anyone even noticing,
and now it has spread to the States.
New York, Miami, LA,
the bodies started piling up.
Crime families just wiped out.
Whole distribution networks mothballed.
And it all leads back here.
It leads back to London.
[suspenseful music plays]
- Do you still have that rocket launcher?
- I do.
Get it.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Helen] And Kai-Ming?
She is just a fucking stupid rich junkie
with political connections.
What? Is she just a mark?
She was buying smack,
but it wasn't from street dealers,
and... we traced her connect back.
- Trent?
- Trent is a... trust fund baby moron.
He is a fucking idiot. He's the weak link.
Trent was working for the Clarks?
No, no, no.
Trent doesn't work for the Clarks.
He is a Clark.
His mother, Alex Clark,
she's the head of the London operation.
We had just worked this out when
Chen's murder stalled our investigation.
Now, my educated guess
is that the Clarks know what happened
to the Chinese ambassador.
Because they're trying
to scrub all the evidence
of what happened
in Kai-Ming's apartment that night.
But the Chinese think you're the murderer.
[Cole] Yeah, they wish it was me.
A black ops CIA agent
murders their ambassador to the UK.
Just... just think about
what they could do with that.
- Yeah, right.
- The Clarks own everybody.
I am serious now.
If these people are after you,
it is when, not if they get you.
[suspenseful music swells]
[music fades]
- [handbrake clacks]
- This is the place.
Look, I've told you everything I can.
You need to hold up
your end of the bargain.
Yeah, don't worry. You'll get your money.
Money? What money?
Like, I... I just wanna know
my family are safe, that's... that's all.
Why would somebody hurt your family?
This is fucking ridiculous.
Look. See that?
That's my parents,
my sister, and my two nephews.
I... I came with you,
so just... just let them go.
But, wait, that wasn't what Reed said.
That... that... This wasn't a--
[tense music plays]
Dani?
What rumor have you heard?
She's unfaithful to you.
It was an affair, some civil servant.
[Chang Hao] Cole Atwood!
Oh my God.
Christ! Are those Chinese agents?
[tense music continues]
I know my wife,
and she wouldn't do that, so...
[tense music continues]
No one knows anyone completely, Wallace.
Not really.
- [Chang Hao] Get out of the car!
- Sorry, is that who you were working for?
- Helen?
- Can you help me get to Alex Clark?
[Sam] Helen?
Listen, I will do everything I can
to keep your family safe.
- Can you help me get to the Clarks?
- Yes. Yes, I can try.
- Okay, fuck it. Sam?
- [cell phone buzzes]
Oh yeah. Okay, fuck it!
- [engine starts, revs]
- [men clamor]
[Chang Hao] Go!
[tires screeching]
[tense music continues]
[music fades]
♪ I was five and he was six ♪
♪ We rode on horses made of sticks ♪
♪ He wore black and I wore white ♪
♪ He would always win the fight ♪
♪ Bang, bang ♪
♪ My baby shot me down ♪
♪ My, my, my baby shot me down ♪
[music fades]